RC: Default maintenance windows for Essentials databases (#455)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/resilient-apps.md

For stable apps, you may want to control when Redis can perform maintenance on your databases. For Redis Cloud Pro subscriptions, you can [set manual maintenance windows]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance/set-maintenance-windows" >}}) to ensure non-urgent maintenance will occur at set times. Configuring or altering the maintenance window will not have any impact on your subscription or databases.

> Redis Cloud Essentials databases have a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. The maintenance window for Redis Cloud Essentials databases is **daily from 12 AM to 6 AM** in the region's local time zone. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Redis Cloud Essentials database has a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. The maintenance window for Redis Cloud Essentials databases is **daily from 12 AM to 6 AM** in the region's local time zone. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.
```

> A Redis Cloud Essentials database has a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. The maintenance window for Redis Cloud Essentials databases is **daily from 12 AM to 6 AM** in the region's local time zone. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer 2: just a reference from here is good enough. 
We can remove the sentence: "The maintenance window for Redis Cloud Essentials databases is **daily from 12 AM to 6 AM** in the region's local time zone."
